♪
[GUESTS chattering]
[AILEEN gasps]
Lady Aileen Lauren d'Autriche.
My engagement to you...
...is officially dissolved!
[AILEEN]
Pardon?
Dissolved?
What could he mean
by such a thing?
Is he suggesting that...
[gasps] How could he?
Then again, deep inside,
I felt this coming.
[AILEEN]
This very moment.
I've dreamt of it, many times.
[AILEEN] The crown prince
of the Elmir Empire,
Cédric Jeanne Elmir.
Not only is he my fiancé, but
the main romanceable option.
Huh? "Romanceable option"?
I've made my decision.
I refuse to hide my true
feelings for Lilia any longer.
[LILIA] I swear, we never
intended to hurt you,
Lady Aileen.
[AILEEN]
Lilia Rainworth.
She was born a commoner,
but her father became a baron.
She's also the game's
player character.
"Game"? "Player character"?
[CÉDRIC] I have no intention
of tolerating your treachery
and arrogance
any further, Aileen.
[AILEEN]
Aileen? Isn't she...?
She's the rival!
He thinks I'm the
villainess, Aileen?
Now I understand
what's happening to me.
This world, it's from the game I
used to be totally obsessed with
in my previous life!
[ATTENDEE A]
I feel horrible for Lady Lilia.
[ATTENDEE C] Do you recall the
time Aileen forbade Lilia from
speaking to her?
[ATTENDEE B] And don't forget
how she berated her
at the school festival.
[AILEEN] This scene is one
of the major events during
the second act of the game,
and one of the worst places
to be the villainess.
I can see that you've
made up your mind,
so I shall take my leave.
I deeply regret that I am unable
to cry and make a scene.
I'm assuming that is what...
[AILEEN]
Don't cry, keep smiling!
Don't give him the satisfaction
of seeing you break!
[AILEEN]
Prince Cédric.
I truly did adore you.
[AILEEN] This is the world
of the otome game,
"Regalia of Saints,
Demons, and Maidens."
The main story of the
game surrounds Lilia,
a Holy Sword Maiden and
her battle with the big, bad
demon lord.
Meanwhile, Aileen doesn't make
it through the final scene.
Her death is always
some low-hanging gag.
I refuse to die like
that in real life!
Think!
You know what happens!
What options do you have,
given the circumstances?
My unfortunate ending is
triggered when the demon lord
fully awakens. Which means...
I must simply stop
him from awakening!
I'm going to tame the
final boss all by myself!
[AILEEN]
Huh?
--[yelps, screams]
--[CAT meows]
[AILEEN] Aww. So many bad
omens all in one place.
[CROW A]
Go back the way you came!
[CROW B] Isn't she the girl who
got dumped by her fiancé?
Foolish girl! How arrogant!
Is it normal to greet your
master's guests with such
blatant disrespect?
[CROW gasps]
You're in the presence of
Aileen Lauren d'Autriche,
and I refuse to begone from
these woods until I've had
an audience with the demon lord!
Lilia isn't the only one
in this game who carries
the blood of the
Holy Sword Maiden.
So, there's no reason
I can't handle this.
[CLAUDE]
Allow me.
Oh, thanks!
That would be ever so help--
[screams]
[gasps] What in the sexy,
sexy dark lord?
This man is even more
gorgeous in real life than his
character sprite!
How dare he just stand there,
looking so beautiful?
What business does a
human like you have with me?
Am I to assume that you're
Lord Claude Jeanne Elmir?
[CLAUDE]
That's correct.
In that case, I've come
to make you an offer.
I must ask you...
Will you marry me,
pretty please?
[CLAUDE]
Am I mistaken,
or did a human just
propose to me?
[AILEEN] Growing up, I lived an
ideal life as the youngest child
of a duke.
However, because I was a girl,
and because I wasn't quite
as strong as my brothers,
I could never keep up with them.
No matter how hard I tried.
For the longest time,
I felt I had no worth.
Then, I turned eight.
Prince Cédric proposed to me,
and my world changed.
It was the first time
anyone believed that I could
accomplish something.
The idea of becoming
empress consumed
my every waking thought.
I threw myself into my
studies so I could be a wise
and strong ruler.
Before long,
I was called an "arrogant
heiress" who believed
she was better than everyone
else simply for being
the prince's fiancée.
I wonder if there was
more I could have done
to make myself likeable,
to seem vulnerable.
Maybe things would
have been different.
[BEELZEBUTH]
His lordship is not upset.
The lightning strike was
the result of his surprise.
[AILEEN] Does that mean
he wasn't angry with me?
[KEITH]
He's right.
I've seen you do much
worse over much less.
That doesn't explain why
you treated her injuries.
I don't need a reason.
But you're certain that she
wishes to marry you, lord?
[AILEEN]
I remember.
He has two aides, doesn't he?
Keith, the human.
And Beelzebuth, the demon.
Only until she wakes up.
There's a chance she
was sent to me as a trap,
or perhaps she's a spy.
[AILEEN]
Who, me?
I assure you.
I came here of my own free will.
[AILEEN]
Claude Jeanne Elmir.
Cédric's half-brother.
His demonic nature revealed
itself when he was only
ten years old.
That got the poor kid stripped
of his inheritance as heir.
The humans and demons
agreed to a truce
and he was brought here to
live in an abandoned castle.
Should his hatred for
humanity ever awaken him,
he'll transform into the
final boss that kills Aileen
in the game.
To avoid that fate,
there's but one thing to do!
My only desire is to marry you!
I know I'll make you happy!
Remove her at once.
Well, I would be delighted
to leave just as soon as you
agree to our engagement!
[CLAUDE]
But I've only just met you!
So how could you...
I... I mean...
Is it possible that
you're in love with me?
Ah, no!
[KEITH] Ah, excuse me, my lord,
could you dial back the tornado?
You dare to make
such a request of me,
mere moments after
Cédric dissolved your--
Listen to me.
I am more than aware of
how this might appear.
But do you expect me to spend
my days crying over what I lost?
I refuse to waste another
second of my precious life
thinking about him!
And that's why you're courting
a demon lord instead?
Court you? Why, my lord,
if I was simply looking
to court you,
I could easily--
I hope you'll forgive me
for appearing so disheveled.
I will return another time.
[CLAUDE]
There is no need for that.
Now you have no reason
to return at all.
So go away.
[AILEEN]
I'll treasure this forever!
[squeals]
I've always wanted
a magical dress!
It's so lovely!
[AILEEN]
Did you just cast another spell?
[KEITH chuckles]
[CLAUDE]
Be gone!
Using magic to send
me back home...
You win this time.
[RUDOLPH] I'm glad to see
you're looking well,
given the circumstances.
It's a shame this
is out of our control.
[AILEEN]
He's already given up!
As the Emperor's prime minister,
I figured he'd at least
try to help me!
[RUDOLPH]
You've received an invitation.
From Prince Cédric
and the Lady Lilia.
In two months,
they intend to hold a ball
where they will formally
announce their engagement.
It seems they would like
you to sign the nullification
of your previous
engagement at that time.
[AILEEN]
Would they, now?
He wants an even larger
audience for my rejection?
It would appear so.
Though Lady Lilia was
polite enough to include
a letter of her own as well.
[AILEEN]
Then I suppose I'll go.
If they're looking for a fight,
it would be my pleasure
to oblige them.
No turning back now.
I have to win over
Lord Claude no matter what!
Wait, what? How have I been
going in circles all day?
Don't tell me that's
how magical barriers work!
Oh, dear!
It's such a shame!
I guess I brought these
cookies with me for nothing!
This too!
Servants deserve the same
dignity as their master.
So I have brought this
bow with me as a gift
for whoever might
speak on my behalf.
Think of it as the symbol
of the gatekeeper.
[ALMOND] "Symbol of the
gatekeeper" you say?
[caws] You there!
The only one worthy
of that symbol is me!
My, my! Don't you look handsome?
Please, feel free to help
yourself to one of these
as well.
I always loved almonds! Delic--
Oh, dear.
What did you do?
I had that cookie infused
with an anesthetic.
What a fool you are
for trusting a human.
Now face the consequences!
Since when have
humans been this scary?
Hear me now, Lord Claude.
Show yourself!
If you refuse to meet with me,
I'll strip your gatekeeper bald,
one feather at a time!
Did she say bald?!
Lovely to see you
again, Lord Claude!
Would you care to revive your
servant before we proceed?
Go away!
If you ever come
back, I'll kill you!
That was simply payback for
your rudeness yesterday!
Consider us even now.
Nope! I won't fall
for that again!
It's safe, I promise.
I only added anesthetic
to the almond ones.
She's telling the truth.
Delicious! I love chocolate!
[AILEEN] What shall we do?
Perhaps we could head inside.
Wait, did you add
something to that cookie?
Why, yes.
Nothing bad, just a little
something I hoped might
change your mind about me.
A love potion.
[KEITH laughs]
You're absolutely ridiculous.
I just received word that I've
been invited to attend a ball
two months from now.
And I was hoping that I might
be able to persuade you
to escort me.
What does the love potion
have to do with that?
After the outcome of
our previous meeting,
I assumed that you would
turn me down without it.
I was going for a fait accompli.
[ALMOND] Demon Lord!
We've got a problem!
Hello again, Almond!
[ALMOND]
Don't call me that, it's stupid!
[CLAUDE]
Ignore her.
What happened?
It's the fenrir cub, my lord!
It's not in the forest!
It appears to have escaped
from the second floor
to the east and has already
made it past the barrier.
Do you think it could be
headed for the school?
What if the students
get their hands on it?
I'll retrieve it at once.
But if any humans were to
see you it would only serve
to escalate the
situation even further.
[AILEEN]
Allow me to help.
I'm familiar with
the school's territory,
and I should be able
to locate it quickly.
It may be a cub,
but it's still a fenrir.
It'll tear you to pieces
in an instant.
If that's the case,
please allow me to take this.
Your scent might have a
calming effect on the creature.
Good thought, but what reason
do you have to aid me?
I can't help but feel
sorry for the poor thing,
but I'd be lying if I said I
wasn't hoping to have you
in my debt as well.
What do you mean,
"in your debt"?
Well, just that!
I do believe I can help,
so let me grant your wish.
Don't fail me.
[AILEEN]
"Don't fail me"?
My goodness.
It's rather nice to have
someone depend on you.
Besides, if a child is missing,
you have to find them!
[FENRIR growling, barking]
[STUDENT A] Okay! I've got it!
Aim for the head!
[STUDENT B]
Hold him down!
[barking]
Just do it, quick, while it's
still caught in the trap!
[STUDENT B] You think this'll
get us promoted to the
Holy Knights?
[AILEEN]
Fancy yourselves demon slayers?
Or have you all completely
forgotten the terms
of the truce?
[STUDENT B]
Lady Aileen!
But I thought
you'd been expelled!
[barking]
It's nice to meet you.
My name is Aileen.
Would you allow me
to take you back home?
[growling]
[AILEEN gasps]
What do you think you're doing?
[STUDENT B]
We can't let it get away!
[AILEEN]
Stop that! You're hurting it!
[STUDENTS yell]
[AILEEN] The mother crossed
the barrier to find her cub!
I beg you, don't howl!
It's dangerous!
[FENRIR barks]
You're free!
[CÉDRIC]
Aileen!
[AILEEN]
Prince Cédric.
I was just informed that you had
summoned a savage demon
onto school grounds
in order to attack Lilia.
[AILEEN] And you were willing
to believe that I would do
something so ridiculous?
Who knows what
you're capable of.
[LILIA]
Wait!
I don't believe that Lady Aileen
would do something so awful!
Please, Prince Cédric!
I'm willing to look past this
because Lilia asked me to.
Leave before I change my mind.
[LILIA] But look at
her hand! She's hurt!
[CÉDRIC]
That's her fault.
And she's overstayed
her welcome.
Let's go, Marcus.
[MARCUS]
Ha. How pathetic.
[AILEEN] Hearing that from
him doesn't hurt anymore.
He was over kindness
a long time ago.
Why's he here?
[MARCUS]
The demon lord!
[LILIA] I thought he wasn't
supposed to leave the forest!
Goodness, Brother.
What brings you all this way?
Aileen Lauren d'Autriche.
Uh, huh?
I owe you thanks for what
you have done tonight.
You were willing to risk your
life to aid the fenrir cub
without fear for
your own safety.
You took the blame for a
crime you did not commit
in order to prevent a war
between demons and humans.
As the demon lord, please
accept my utmost thanks.
[AILEEN]
He came here just to help me.
To explain what really happened.
But why in the world
would he do that?
He has nothing to gain.
May I escort you
back to your estate?
Wait! How did you
make that appear?
[CLAUDE] You'll find
I'm full of surprises.
It's beautiful!
[CLAUDE] You almost look
like an ordinary girl,
gazing out the
window like that.
That's extremely rude!
I'm perfectly ordinary,
thank you very much.
You're a unique individual.
Though you've been through much.
I've yet to see you shed
a tear or make an excuse.
You're strong.
But I still don't understand why
you would want to marry me.
I'm not convinced you'd
believe me if I gave you
the real reason why.
I might be more
understanding than you think.
If you're really sure,
then I'll tell you!
This entire world and everyone
in it are actually part of
an otome game I played
in my previous life!
I'm one of the villain
characters, and if this doesn't
go my way, you end up
turning into a giant dragon
and then killing me!
It's quite obvious.
I see what's going on here.
You enjoy making
a fool out of me!
No, wait!
Am I dying?
[AILEEN]
A shooting star?
How can you be so reckless?
What were you trying
to do to me--
I will accompany
you to the ball.
After all, I have
a debt to repay.
This is what you want, yes?
Well, yes, of course it is.
But then why...
Why are you smiling?
[CLAUDE]
I realized...
I would very much
like to see you cry.
[AILEEN] For some reason,
I have this feeling...
...that my unfortunate end isn't
as certain as it used to be.